Cisco amp query remove (#10051)
demisto/content: Packs/AMP/ReleaseNotes/1_0_2.md

#### Integrations
##### Cisco AMP

> - Fixed an issue with commands crashing due to a syntax error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where commands would crash due to a syntax error. 
```
